{"doc_id": "PMID:35267334", "text": "The Potential of Olive Leaf Extract as a Functional Ingredient in Yoghurt Production: The Effects on Fermentation, Rheology, Sensory, and Antioxidant Properties of Cow Milk Yoghurt.\n\nBACKGROUND\nYoghurt has been traditionally consumed for its high nutritional value and health-promoting benefits. The addition of plant extracts as a source of phenolic compounds and bio-flavonoids has attracted much attention recently since milk and dairy products are deficient in these health-protecting components. Accordingly, olive leaf extract (OLE) has been considered due to the presence of bioactive compounds, primarily polyphenols. Thus, the aim of this research was to investigate the possibility of adding OLE into cow milk yoghurt as a potential functional ingredient.\n\n\nMETHODS\nYoghurts enriched with OLE (1.5, 3, and 5% v/v) were produced and compared with yoghurt without OLE. In all samples acidity, viscosity, colour, syneresis, water holding capacity (WHC), microbiological parameters, sensory properties, total phenols, and antioxidant activity (DPPH and FRAP methods) were determined.\n\n\nRESULTS\nThe addition of OLE resulted in shorter fermentation and lower pH, but it had no adverse effect on the viability of yoghurt starter bacteria. OLE-enriched yoghurts showed increased syneresis, higher total phenols content, and antioxidant activity, while WHC and viscosity decreased. Sensory properties were slightly poorer for yoghurts containing higher OLE concentrations. Considering all of the obtained results, the addition of 1.5% OLE appeared to be optimal."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:3656477", "text": "Blunt liver trauma at Sunnybrook Medical Centre.\n\nBetween 1 June 1976 and 30 June 1985 Sunnybrook Medical Centre Regional Trauma Unit admitted 2,016 patients of whom 220 (11%) sustained liver injury. Of these 220 patients, 211 (96%) sustained blunt liver trauma; 175 of 176 patients who underwent open peritoneal lavage had a true positive lavage. Resuscitation was successful in 212 patients, of whom 209 underwent laparotomy and three were treated nonoperatively: 129 of 209 patients (62%) required only minor surgical treatment; the remaining 80 patients (38%) required major surgical procedures. The overall mortality was 29% (64/220). Eight patients died during resuscitation, one of them of liver hemorrhage. Of the 56 patients who died after admission, the cause of death was head injury in 31, liver hemorrhage in 11 (five intraoperatively) and 14 died of other causes. Overall, liver hemorrhage was the cause of death in 12 of 64 deaths (19%). In other words, 12 of the total of 220 patients (6%) died from liver-related mortality."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:30818862", "text": "Application of a Bioactive/Bioresorbable Three-Dimensional Porous Uncalcined and Unsintered Hydroxyapatite/Poly-D/L-lactide Composite with Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Bone Regeneration in Maxillofacial Surgery: A Pilot Animal Study.\n\nA novel three-dimensional (3D) porous uncalcined and unsintered hydroxyapatite/poly-d/l-lactide (3D-HA/PDLLA) composite demonstrated superior biocompatibility, osteoconductivity, biodegradability, and plasticity, thereby enabling complex maxillofacial defect reconstruction. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs)-a type of adult stem cell-have a multipotent ability to differentiate into chondrocytes, adipocytes, and osteocytes. In a previous study, we found that CD90 (Thy-1, cluster of differentiation 90) and CD271 (low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor) double-positive cell populations from human bone marrow had high proliferative ability and differentiation capacity in vitro. In the present study, we investigated the utility of bone regeneration therapy using implantation of 3D-HA/PDLLA loaded with human MSCs (hMSCs) in mandibular critical defect rats. Microcomputed tomography (Micro-CT) indicated that implantation of a 3D-HA/PDLLA-hMSC composite scaffold improved the ability to achieve bone regeneration compared with 3D-HA/PDLLA alone. Compared to the sufficient blood supply in the mandibular defection superior side, a lack of blood supply in the inferior side caused delayed healing. The use of Villanueva Goldner staining (VG staining) revealed the gradual progression of the nucleated cells and new bone from the scaffold border into the central pores, indicating that 3D-HA/PDLLA loaded with hMSCs had good osteoconductivity and an adequate blood supply. These results further demonstrated that the 3D-HA/PDLLA-hMSC composite scaffold was an effective bone regenerative method for maxillofacial boney defect reconstruction."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:19234609", "text": "Integrative analysis of epigenetic modulation in melanoma cell response to decitabine: clinical implications.\n\nDecitabine, an epigenetic modifier that reactivates genes otherwise suppressed by DNA promoter methylation, is effective for some, but not all cancer patients, especially those with solid tumors. It is commonly recognized that to overcome resistance and improve outcome, treatment should be guided by tumor biology, which includes genotype, epigenotype, and gene expression profile. We therefore took an integrative approach to better understand melanoma cell response to clinically relevant dose of decitabine and identify complementary targets for combined therapy. We employed eight different melanoma cell strains, determined their growth, apoptotic and DNA damage responses to increasing doses of decitabine, and chose a low, clinically relevant drug dose to perform whole-genome differential gene expression, bioinformatic analysis, and protein validation studies. The data ruled out the DNA damage response, demonstrated the involvement of p21(Cip1) in a p53-independent manner, identified the TGFbeta pathway genes CLU and TGFBI as markers of sensitivity to decitabine and revealed an effect on histone modification as part of decitabine-induced gene expression. Mutation analysis and knockdown by siRNA implicated activated beta-catenin/MITF, but not BRAF, NRAS or PTEN mutations as a source for resistance. The importance of protein stability predicted from the results was validated by the synergistic effect of Bortezomib, a proteasome inhibitor, in enhancing the growth arrest of decitabine in otherwise resistant melanoma cells. Our integrative analysis show that improved therapy can be achieved by comprehensive analysis of cancer cells, identified biomarkers for patient's selection and monitoring response, as well as targets for improved combination therapy."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:35586006", "text": "Risk of SARS-CoV-2 Reinfection 18 Months After Primary Infection: Population-Level Observational Study.\n\nCurrent data suggest that SARS-CoV-2 reinfections are rare. Uncertainties remain, however, on the duration of the natural immunity, its protection against Omicron variant, and on the impact of vaccination to reduce reinfection rates. In this retrospective cohort analysis of the entire population of an Italian region, we followed 1,293,941 subjects from the beginning of the pandemic to the current scenario of Omicron predominance (up to mid-February 2022). After an average of 277 days, we recorded 729 reinfections among 119,266 previously infected subjects (overall rate: 6.1\u2030), eight COVID-19-related hospitalizations (7/100,000), and two deaths. Importantly, the incidence of reinfection did not vary substantially over time: after 18-22 months from the primary infection, the reinfection rate was still 6.7\u2030, suggesting that protection conferred by natural immunity may last beyond 12 months. The risk of reinfection was significantly higher among females, unvaccinated subjects, and during the Omicron wave."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:3022298", "text": "Structural homology of reaction centers from Rhodopseudomonas sphaeroides and Rhodopseudomonas viridis as determined by x-ray diffraction.\n\nCrystals of the reaction center (RC) from Rhodopseudomonas sphaeroides with the space group P2(1)2(1)2(1), have been studied by x-ray diffraction. The Patterson search (molecular replacement) technique was used to analyze the data, with the structure of the reaction center from Rhodopseudomonas viridis as a model system. A preliminary electron density map of the reaction center from R. sphaeroides has been obtained. Comparison of the structure of the RC from R. sphaeroides with that from R. viridis showed the following conserved features: five membrane-spanning helices in each of the L and M subunits, a single membrane-spanning helix in the H subunit, a 2-fold symmetry axis, and similar positions and orientations of the cofactors. Unlike the RCs from R. viridis, both quinones are retained in the RCs from R. sphaeroides. The secondary quinone is located near the position related by the 2-fold symmetry axis to the primary quinone."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:24102603", "text": "Complete mitochondrial genome of the assassin bug Oncocephalus breviscutum (Hemiptera: Reduviidae).\n\nThe mitochondrial genome of an assassin bug, Oncocephalus breviscutum Reuter, is a typical circular DNA molecule of 15,984 bp with 37 genes and a large control region. The gene order is identical to that of the putative ancestral arrangement of insects. Twelve protein-coding genes start with ATN codon and ND4L uses GTG. All of the 22 tRNAs, ranging from 61 to 70 bp, have the clover-leaf structure except for the dihydrouridine (DHU) arm of trnS2 forms a simple loop. The control region is 1345 bp in length and includes six tandem repeats of three 31-nt and three 145-nt units."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:237921", "text": "Chemical modification of bovine heart mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase.  Selective modification of cysteine and histidine.\n\nBovine mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.37) was inactivated by the specific modifications of a single histidine residue upon reaction with iodoacetamide.  NADH protected against this loss of activity and reaction with the histidine residue, suggesting that the histidine is at the NADH binding site.  N-Ethylmaleimide also modified the enzyme by reacting with 1 sulfhydryl residue.  The reaction rate with N-ethylmaleimide was increased by decreasing the pH from neutrality or by the addition of urea.  NADH protected against the modification of the sulfhydryl group under all the conditions tested, again suggesting active site specificity for this inactivation.  This enzyme has a subunit weight of 33,000 and is a dimer.  The native malate dehydrogenase will bind only 1 mol of NADH and it is thus assumed that there is only a single active site per dimer."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:19037016", "text": "Breast reconstruction with deep inferior epigastric artery perforator flap: 3.0-T gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging for preoperative localization of abdominal wall perforators.\n\nPURPOSE\nTo prospectively evaluate 3.0-T gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance (MR) imaging for localization of inferior epigastric artery (IEA) perforators before reconstructive breast surgery involving a deep inferior epigastric perforator (DIEP) flap.\n\n\nMATERIALS AND METHODS\nThis study was exempt from institutional review board approval, and the requirement for informed patient consent was waived. Data were collected and stored in compliance with HIPAA regulations. Nineteen patients (mean age, 46.3 years) underwent three-dimensional gadolinium-enhanced 3.0-T MR imaging of the abdomen before undergoing DIEP flap breast reconstruction. Up to four of the largest perforators arising from the IEA on each side of the umbilicus were identified. The diameter, intramuscular course, and distance from the umbilicus of each perforator were recorded. One of the marked perforators on each side was labeled \"the best\" on the basis of an optimal combination of perforator features: diameter, intramuscular course, and location with respect to the flap edges. MR findings were compared with intraoperative findings. The two-tailed Student t test was used to compare the mean diameters of all perforators with the mean diameters of the perforators labeled as the best.\n\n\nRESULTS\nThere were 30 surgical flaps, and 11 (58%) of the 19 patients underwent bilateral flap dissection. At surgery, 122 perforators were localized, and 118 (97%) of these perforators-with a mean diameter of 1.1 mm (range, 0.8-1.6 mm)-had been identified at preoperative MR imaging. Thirty perforators with a mean diameter of 1.4 mm (range, 1.0-1.6 mm) were labeled as the best at MR imaging. Thirty-three perforators were harvested intraoperatively, and all of these had been localized preoperatively. Twenty-eight (85%) of these 33 perforators were labeled as the best at MR imaging.\n\n\nCONCLUSION\nGadolinium-enhanced 3.0-T MR imaging can be used to accurately localize IEA perforators and to select the optimal perforator to be harvested for DIEP flap reconstructive breast surgery."}
{"doc_id": "PMID:21218799", "text": "Ultrafast infrared spectroscopy of an isotope-labeled photoactivatable flavoprotein.\n\nThe blue light using flavin (BLUF) domain photosensors, such as the transcriptional antirepressor AppA, utilize a noncovalently bound flavin as the chromophore for photoreception. Since the isoalloxazine ring of the chromophore is unable to undergo large-scale structural change upon light absorption, there is intense interest in understanding how the BLUF protein matrix senses and responds to flavin photoexcitation. Light absorption is proposed to result in alterations in the hydrogen-bonding network that surrounds the flavin chromophore on an ultrafast time scale, and the structural changes caused by photoexcitation are being probed by vibrational spectroscopy. Here we report ultrafast time-resolved infrared spectra of the AppA BLUF domain (AppA(BLUF)) reconstituted with isotopically labeled riboflavin (Rf) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), which permit the first unambiguous assignment of ground and excited state modes arising directly from the flavin carbonyl groups. Studies of model compounds and DFT calculations of the ground state vibrational spectra reveal the sensitivity of these modes to their environment, indicating that they can be used as probes of structural dynamics."}
